# Configuration Management 

See [NIST Special Publication 800-53 (Rev. 4)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/family/Configuration%20Management) for a description of the Configuration Management control. View the configuration policies that map to the Configuration Management catalog, and helps to detect or remediate security issues that are in the category. See the following table list of the stable policies that are supported by [Red Hat Advanced Cluster Management for Kubernetes](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_advanced_cluster_management_for_kubernetes/2.2/html/security/governance-and-risk):

Policy  | Description | Prerequisites
------- | ----------- | -------------
[Scan your cluster with the E8 (Essential 8) security profile](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-compliance-operator-e8-scan.yaml) | This example creates a ScanSettingBinding that the ComplianceOperator uses to scan the cluster for compliance with the E8 benchmark. | See the [Compliance Operator repository](https://github.com/openshift/compliance-operator) to learn more about the operator. **Note**: The Compliance Operator must be installed to use this policy. See the [Compliance operator policy](../CA-Security-Assessment-and-Authorization/policy-compliance-operator-install.yaml) to install the Compliance Operator with a policy.
[Install Red Hat Gatekeeper Operator policy](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-gatekeeper-operator-downstream.yaml) | Use the Gatekeeper operator policy to install the official and supported version of Gatekeeper on a managed cluster. | See the [Gatekeeper Operator](https://github.com/gatekeeper/gatekeeper-operator).
[policy-namespace](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-namespace.yaml) | Ensures that a namespace exists as specified. |
[policy-pod](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-pod.yaml) | Ensures that a pod exists as specified. |
[policy-zts-cmc](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-zts-cmc.yaml) | This example deploys a replica of \`zts-cmc-deployment\`. | See the [Zettaset README.stable(https://github.com/zettaset/zettaset-public/) to learn more about Zettaset CMC Deployment.
[Scan your cluster with the OpenShift CIS security profile](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-compliance-operator-cis-scan.yaml) | This example creates a ScanSettingBinding that the ComplianceOperator uses to scan the cluster for compliance with the OpenShift CIS benchmark. | See the [Compliance Operator repository](https://github.com/openshift/compliance-operator) to learn more about the operator. **Note**: The Compliance Operator must be installed to use this policy. See the [Compliance operator policy](../CA-Security-Assessment-and-Authorization/policy-compliance-operator-install.yaml) to install the Compliance Operator with a policy.
[Kyverno Generate Network Policies](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-kyverno-add-network-policy.yaml) | Configures a new `NetworkPolicy` resource named `default-deny` which will deny all traffic anytime a new Namespace is created. | See the [Kyverno project](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno). **Note**: Kyverno controller must be installed to use the kyverno policy. See the [Policy to install Kyverno](../../community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-install-kyverno.yaml) in the community folder.
[Kyverno Generate Quota](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-kyverno-add-quota.yaml) | Configures new `ResourceQuota` and `LimitRange` resources anytime a new Namespace is created. | See the [Kyverno project](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno). **Note**: Kyverno controller must be installed to use the kyverno policy. See the [Policy to install Kyverno](../../community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-install-kyverno.yaml) in the community folder.
[Kyverno Sync Secrets](../CM-Configuration-Management/policy-kyverno-sync-secrets.yaml) | This policy will copy a Secret called `regcred` which exists in the `default` Namespace to new Namespaces when they are created and it will keep the secret updated with changes. | See the [Kyverno project](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno). **Note**: Kyverno controller must be installed to use the kyverno policy. See the [Policy to install Kyverno](../../community/CM-Configuration-Management/policy-install-kyverno.yaml) in the community folder.

You can contribute more policies that map to the Configuration Management catalog. See [Contibuting policies](https://github.com/stolostron/policy-collection/blob/main/docs/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details.
